Based off of gitbrew's 215d8903bc86539ca1da53519e2ac10eeafc4c27
ps3tools. .git folder not included to protect sensitive info about the author.
Sorry about the fucked up tabs, TAB = 4 SPACES 4 LYFE!!!
Add the files in the npdrm_keystuff folder to your ps3 keys folder. Create a
file with your console's 16 byte IDPS in the 'idps' file in your ps3 keys
folder (e.g. ~/.ps3/idps).
Copy your PS3's exdata folder containing your act.dat and rif files to your
ps3 keys dir (e.g. ~/.ps3/exdata/act.dat). Compile and have fun with your
LEGALLY purchased NPDRM games!

Also works on free games without exdata/idps.

Apologies for any existing bugs in unself. Adding these changes to
unself2 is left as an exercise for the reader.

v2 info:
Added npdrm magic to unself2 and readself2
unself2 doesn't like the metadata section with type 3 in my game.
This section looks to be some kind of linking information. Here is a snippet:
crt0:p190002crt1:p190002libaudio_stub:p190002libaudio_stub:p190002

I haven't yet looked around to see if this is type of section is documented anywhere.



Thanks:
fail0verflow for the orginal tools
JuanNadie for figuring out NPDRM
euss for his endless hours of work on the wiki

<drama>
Why didn't you beat me to the punch, Team PS360? I didn't need to reverse a
single instruction! It isn't that hard...
</drama>


v3 info:
unself2 now ignores metadata sections of type 3 instead of aborting. Additional
help with any remaining bugs would be greatly appreciated.

I'm sorry if everyone got the impression that these unself/readself
modifications can, by themselves, "reactivate" your NPDRM content. These are
just the first steps in the process. To those who say this is useless because
you need act.dat and rif files: unless you can get unencrypted (debug) or
easily decrypted (free, demos) PSN content, the only way to get the unencrypted
files is by decrypting it with act.dat and the content's rif file.  There are
no "crypto fails" here, proper decryption with the true keys is the only way
forward. Using the NPDRM algo with the right keys is the only way to decrypt
unless you let GameOS do it for you and hook into GameOS to either grab
intermediate keys or dump decrypted content. Using hacks to restore the NPDRM
decryption info to jailbroken PS3s is only a partial fix. For instance, unless
you patch vsh or set the SRTC to some time in the past, some content (even
non-demos and non-trials!) expires until you log into PSN and reauthenticate.

<drama>
Sorry about your "technical difficulties", Team PS360. You should L2IRC.
</drama>

